Questions to be asked: 

1. CFP Mark
   CFPR (the CFP must follow the mark, pratitioner,professional, certificant,certification or exam.  (not always) 
   Certified Financial Planning(TM) 
   Certificants are strictly prohibited using the CFPR, Certified Financial Planner in domain names/url: 
   domain names, marks 5 years. revoked, using internet, suspended, internet, websitesite. 
   
   when can share information/duty and confidentility: 
   1. Ask you too (with the consent of the client) 
   2. you subpeond, cfp IRS, released to the court people 
   3. Client 10,000, defend, complaint FINRNA, needs to defend herself. $15,000. High-tech stocks. Tell the truth to defend the ourselves. 
   4. Office sees the information, questionnaire. Tax. Pricing 
   
   WHat has been violated/code of ethnics. True or not. 
 
2. The entities that govern the CFP certificants. 

    CFP board owns the CFP marks, CFP has the right to grant them, take them away. Temporary, five years. Pernamently. Complaint, online. Review the complaint. 
    Move the complaint. To move the complaint to the commission. 
   
   The firm:
    
    what is the relationship between the CFP board and the DEC : hearings, panel, odd number of people. Volunteer, training. Violated,
    Imposed CFPs, all trained with code of ethnics. Board, any of these punshiment. 
    
    Rulings: 
    Adominition: 
    Public Censure:
    Private: 
    Suspension: 
    Revocation: 
    
    Any of Adverse Rulings can be appealed: 
    One Appeal Panel. 
    
    Division: Hold hearings

3. The status of the CFP: revocation and suspension : SEC, FINRA  

4. Do I have to remember the days of making responses to the CFP board ? 
5. Appeals of Committee of board of directors 
6. The differences between the misdemeanor and felony : drive and drunk, 
7. written notice 30 calendar days after CFP professional 
8. RIA registration: Dodd Frank Act Impact after 2008 
9. Sales related Compensation: 
    front-load/back-load fees:back end load, when you get out, disappear in the backend -load. 
    12b-1 fees: no load trailing commissions. Prospectus, 
    spreads 
    transactions fees 
    revenue sharing 
    
    Fee-only is only get a fee, fee/ CFP strict, couple Florida, a fee. 10% insurance ownership. Commission. AUM, more than 110K, registered w/SEC. Registered Investment. 750K ackowledgement. Assets under Mangement. 
    
    Fees, referral fees, friends. Product to check it. 
    
